[Style Guide] Content Strategy (#9846)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/style-guide/content-strategy/API content strategy/API content types/deprecated-apis.md

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Deprecated APIs

---

# Deprecated APIs

<table>
  <tr>
    <th style="width:20%">Purpose</th>
    <th>The purpose of Deprecated API content is to communicate that Cloudflare no longer supports an endpoint and to provide users with an alternative option.</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Tone</td>
    <td>instructional, straightforward</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>content_type</td>
    <td>reference</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Required components</td>
    <td>Deprecated endpoint name<br\>Context<br\>Alternative endpoint<br\>End of life date</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Optional components</td>

>     <td>Complete list of endpoints/related APIs that are being deprecated</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>Complete list of endpoints or related APIs that are being deprecated</td>
```

  </tr>
</table>

## Structure

> + **Deprecated endpoint name**: Should match what existed in the non-deprecated Endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ **Deprecated endpoint name**: Must match what existed in the non-deprecated [endpoint](/style-guide/content-strategy/api-content-strategy/api-content-types/endpoints/)
```
also, the wiki page links 'endpoint' to the endpoint page under the same category, so perhaps you can link it on here as well.
